0.  Colors supported by file type:
    BMP - Depends on the bits per pixel.
          Most commonly 24-bit BMPs ahve 16.7 million colors,
          but bmps contain 2^n colors where n is the number of bits per pixel.
    GIF - 256 colors
    JPG - 16.7 million colors
    PNG - 16.7 million colors
    
1.  GIF

2.  "Lossy" compression means the original data cannot be recovered when the file is decompressed.
    "Lossless" compression means the data can be fully recovered on decompression.
    
3.  JPGs always use lossy compression, and PNGs can depending on the decoder used.

4.  When a file is "deleted" on a FAT file system, its header is replaced by information
    marking the space as "free" or available to be overwritten. The actual data from the
    file stays unless expressly overwritten later.
    
5.  I can overwrite all available space on a drive with NULL values to ensure they are
    practically safe from being recovered.
    
6.  stdint.h is a header file for a library of functions related to integers. It lets you work
    on fixed-width integers, and lets you declare signed/unsigned integers depending on what
    values you need to store.
    
7.  UINTX_t tells the program you need an unsigned integer of X bits. Similarly, INTX_t tells
    the program you need a signed integer of X bits. Unsigned integers are from 0 to 2^n - 1
    in size, where signed integers have the same range but can include negative values. 
    
    Ex: UINT8_t can store 0->255. INT8_t can store from -128 -> +127.

8.  BYTE - 1 Byte (8 bits)
    DWORD - 4 Bytes (32 bits)
    LONG - 4 Bytes (32 bits)
    WORD - 2 Bytes (16 bits)

9.  0x42 0x4D in hex, or BM in ASCII

10. bfSize is the size of the File Header, and biSize is the size of the Info Header.

11. If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is written "top-down" and begins at the upper left corner.

12. biBitCount

13. If a file doesn't exist, you don't have permission to write to it, or you don't have permission
    to open it, fopen can return NULL.

14. The third argument in fread is 1 because you are reading only 1 "member" of the specified size.
    Specifically, the BMP only has 1 header, so you only need to read 1 element that's the size of
    the file/info header.

15. If bitmaps are not of a width that is divisible by 4, they add "padding" or null values to fill
    the space that would be taken up by the 4th column of pixels. Copy therefore adds padding if 
    the width is 3.

16. Fseek moves the position in the file by the # of bytes indicated in argument 2, relative to the
    position specified in argument 3.
    
17. SEEK_CUR is one of the 3 constants used in fseek for argument 3. It tells the program to move
    the position (argument 2) bytes from the current position in the file.

18. Rick #@&^ing Astley.